Adding first content (#1634)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/106-javascript/content/104-javascript-data-structures/101-keyed-collections/100-map.md

> # Map
> 
> The map() method creates a new array populated with the results of calling a provided function on every element in the calling array.
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array/map'>Array.prototype.map()</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.w3schools.com/jsref/jsref_map.asp'>JavaScript Array map()</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DC471a9qrU4'>Array Map in 100 Seconds</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Map

[Map](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Map) is a collection of keyed data items, just like an `Object`. But the main difference is that `Map` allows keys of any type.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Map'>Map - Keyed Collections</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://javascript.info/map-set#map'>Map Data Type</BadgeLink>
```
